Ha, is that right, hahaha, it's okay, it's okay.
Hey, Chu Chu
You're not in college.
Is it your favorite chocolate?
Well, I asked Secretary Su to bring it to you today.
Why don't you eat it?
He is too cheap.
Oh okay okay
Hey Chuchu
You've been watching it for so long?
Almost there.
Are you going back to sleep?
Oops Omori
Can I stay tonight?
Hmm, it doesn't fit.
Oops, just one night, I'll stay for one night today, okay?
Hey, is it true?
OK, then I'll go to the bathroom
Oh.
What's the matter ma'am
Is everything okay?
I just wanted to say good night.
Good night good night madam
They may not really have anything to do with each other
Maybe I'm overthinking it.
It doesn't feel like the Chu Chu I used to know